SHIP 0025 Extended parameter support (#975)
shipwright-io/build: docs/buildstrategies.md

metadata:
  name: buildkit
  ...
spec:
  parameters:
  - name: build-args
    description: "The values for the ARGs in the Dockerfile. Values must be in the format KEY=VALUE."
    type: array
    defaults: []
  - name: cache
    description: "Configure BuildKit's cache usage. Allowed values are 'disabled' and 'registry'. The default is 'registry'."
    type: string
    default: registry
  - name: insecure-registry
    type: string
    description: "enables the push to an insecure registry"
    default: "false"
  - name: secrets
    description: "The secrets to pass to the build. Values must be in the format ID=FILE_CONTENT."
    type: array
    defaults: []
  buildSteps:
    ...
    - name: build-and-push
      image: moby/buildkit:nightly-rootless
      imagePullPolicy: Always
      workingDir: $(params.shp-source-root)
      ...
      command:
        - /bin/ash
      args:
        - -c
        - |
          set -euo pipefail

          # Prepare the file arguments
          DOCKERFILE_PATH='$(params.shp-source-context)/$(build.dockerfile)'
          DOCKERFILE_DIR="$(dirname "${DOCKERFILE_PATH}")"
          DOCKERFILE_NAME="$(basename "${DOCKERFILE_PATH}")"

>           # We only have ash here and therefore no nice bash arrays, the following code therefore looks a little stupid,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# We only have ash here and therefore no bash arrays to help add dynamic arguments (the build-args) to the build command.
```

>           # but is the only idea I have at hand to get dynamic arguments (the build-args) added to the build command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
